The original plan was to have an object service that features and services can use. E.g. each board can be stored as a object or a series of objects on this board. Initially JSON data. We want to replace this with the following:

Goals:
1. Databases: The user can create multiple databases, such as one for work and one for private projects. 
2. Stores: Each feature must be able to create stores for themselves in the current database, and add objects to that store.
3. Sync: We need to sync the data between computers and devices
4. Flexible architecture: we want to be able to change the storage mechanism in the future
5. 

Strategy: 
1. Start with databases that are directories, synched with Git. Add support for (a) branches and (b) versioning later
2. Create a IStorageProvider that abstracts away the details
3. Add a "Git"" feature that we can later disabled or dynamically enable/disable when 

Requirements:
- Simple, clean code that is easy to read and follow. (prefer to refactor to keep project clean > new abstractions if possible)

Part 1: Implement a settings service:
We need to persist some settings between sessions. 
(1) Add a SessionService to the core services. This service will on linux/macos simply read and write keys to an .afterthought/afterthrought.config
(2) Implement a basic "ISettingsProvider" that underpins that
(3) Implement a HomeDirectorySettingsProvider that is used on Linux and macOS. Later we might add one for Windws
(4) Add to serice layer
(5) Check for and if neccesary create a default settings file when the system opens for the first time. It can be empty, but it's nice if it has a comment section on top with "# Afterthrought personal configuration file - Enjoy (:"


Task: Create shared UI components for dialogue

Part 2 : Implement user story for createing databases:

Task 1: dialgue
User story: User creates a database:
1. User clicks file menu and gets a choice "New Database (ctrl-n d)"
2. System offers a dialogue to 
- pick a name (suggest "Personal")
- directory to create database in (default to system documents - check if it exists first)
- preview of the final path (e.g. /home/knut/Documents/Personal/Personal.afdb if name is "Personal") 
- Button to create the database or cancel


Task 3: Create the storage system

Task 4: Create default database on OS-correct location on first launch

Task 5: Try to re-open last database used when the program launches

Task 5: Connect to remote repository to enable sync  
Menu option to 

Task 6: Check to changes automatically 


